It seems that it's when I'm in the car that I get all my inspiration on a bunch of things. In addition to everything that we're discussing, where we will distinguish ourselves is the ease with which also every seemingly unimportant call matters. At the click of a plus button at a very convenient spot of a mobile app, the app will know that this is to create new file or create new call log or add to an existing file.

If it's add to an existing file, they can just type the name of the member who called and then you add an entry. If it's to create a file, it's asking for a date, a member number and maybe a local section and then notes to the call. They can use their pen to write the notes and the pen transcribes to text, saves on the app or voice the text where they dictate the content of the conversation.

It is transcribed, added to the file. And then the notes, the add new matter, if you want to call it like that, will also have a tagging system. Is it a member? What is the purpose of the call? Formal, informal, seniority, like the top five issues that people call about seniority, harassment, discrimination, overtime, right? Top five, it don't need to be more than that or other and then you let them add that.

So that eventually you also want to present unionized to management to say you've never been able to draft your annual report this fast. Because at the click of a button based on every category that you would see typically on annual reports drafted by your organization, we will draft you one that drills down the data like you've never done before. And that's where you help me in terms of like, let's say, QP, for example, if we go in the last five years, the type of reporting that they've done, we go and it's probably available online.

We just feed that, learn from that, and then so that the application knows what to look for, generally speaking, in an annual report to be drafted. Because all these union officials typically respond to an executive committee that makes decisions on the where the union goes. And it's to the executive committee that you make requests for money funding.

I'm trying to create a position. The budget is X, Y, and I need this much because of that. And our app provides all the data that they need for that.

And the best example is CAPE. When CAPE was growing, the board went to the national executive committee to say, we need to increase the dues so that we can hire more LROs because the membership is growing. And the people voted it down simply on the fact that they didn't feel like, I'm not kidding, they didn't feel that they needed to pay more dues because they didn't know what type of service the LROs were doing.

And so we were asked overnight to give a sense of how many files open. We were asked to produce data based on spreadsheets like we all keep individually in our own way. There was an essential way to present that information, but they were trying to make a pitch to the neck and say, hey, this is what LROs we actually do. 

But there wasn't something, it wasn't an easy task. You had to go manually count how many files you had open, what stage they were at, you understand? So this will be presented to management as a tool where you validate or you support decisions made by the union with data. Data sets that are not overly complex, but I think once you show them how simple and of course the annual report would be, there would be like big blocks where the data speaks for itself from a quantitative standpoint.

But then you have the qualitative where the person just has to enter their own appreciation of the year, et cetera, et cetera. So this message is twofold. Number one, a prompt, simple prompt on the national rep or labor relation officer to create a new matter has to be simple.

Two, three questions, which then feeds the data, which is my second point at why we distinguish ourselves is that within the employer's dashboard, because of your real time access to data and because of the built in data reporting capability, you can generate one in virtually no time. That you would obviously want to review, make sure it's complete, et cetera, et cetera.